## Next
I plan to move FT and FTC logos to a separate repo. API is subject to change.

Use svg to generate templates instead of vice versa.

From v3.0.1 ftc-icons will use fticons as submodule since it seems they abandoned font icons infavor of svg.

## Install
`bower install ftc-icons`

If you specify `inludePaths: 'bower_components'` in `node-sass`, just import the `main.scss` file below:

    @import "ftc-icons/main.scss"

To view demos, run:

    gulp serve

## Usage

### Mixins

- `@mixin oIconsSassvg($icon-name, $color:null, $container-width: 20, $container-height: null, $apply-base-styles: true)`

A wrapper for mixins generated by `gulp-sassvg`. SVG files was turned into datauri and will be inserted into css file directly.

- `@mixin oIconsGetSvg($icon-name, $container-width: 20, $container-height: null, $apply-base-styles: true)`

Use invidual svg file as background with png fallback.

- `@mixin oIconsSvgSprite($icon-name, $color: null, $width: 20, $height:null)`

Set styles for `svg` referencing sprite fragment.


### Use SVG files directly

Minified SVG icons is under the folder `icons/svg`.

### Use PNG files directly

PNG files are generated from SVGs, put into `icons/png`.

### Use SVG sprite

You can use a sprited svg file `assets/sprites/ftc-icons-symbol.svg`. This file combines all the separate svg icons and put each in a `symbol` element, each having an `id` named after the individual svg file's name (without the `.svg` extension). In you HTML makrup, you can insert icons with id fragment:

	<svg>
		<use xlink:href="sprite/ftc-icons-symbol.svg#brand-ftc" />
	</svg>

### Preset colors if you are not using svg or png file directly
```
'brand-color': #ffcc99,
'social-wechat': #609700,
'social-weibo': #e6162d,
'social-linkedin': #0977b6,
'social-facebook': #3c5a99,
'social-twitter': #6aa9e0,
'rss': #FB9E3C,
```

## Commands

### Batch SVG and PNG generation
```
node gen-svg-png.js
```
Will generate all svg and png version of icons listed in `icon-list.json`.


### SVG sprite
```
node gen-sprite.js
```
Will combine all svg files into a single one with each svg path inside `symbol` element. Each symbol has an `id` same as the file name.

It also accepts an `-i` argument to specify which icons you want to combine into a svg symbol file:
```
node gen-sprite.js -i social-wechat social-weibo -o wechat-weibo.svg
```
will generate a file containing only the specified icons.

`-o, --output` is the target file name. If omitted, the target file will use a name by combining specified icon name with separated by `_`.

In addition each symbol element will have its own individual file geneated under `symbol` folder. If you set this folder in you template's include path, you can include each `<iconname>.svg` inside you HTML. The symbol element has an id of `o-icons__<iconname>` so you can refer to it using fragments.


### Generate a single icon
You can generate the SVG and PNG version of a single icon with custom background, foreground, radius
```
node gen-single.js -i=social-wechat -b=#fff -f=#000 -x=50% -y=50%
```

- `-i, --input` icon name. Mandatory.
- `-b, --background` The icon's background color. Optional. If not present, fallback to seting in `icon-list.json`.
- `-x, --rx` set svg `<rect>` element's `rx` attribute.
- `-y, --ry` set svg `<rect>` element's `ry` attribute.

Generated file will be put in `.tmp`

## Gulp Commands

`gulp sassvg` will generate sass files named `_sassvg-data.scss` and `_sassvg.scss` under the folder `scss`. You can customize icons' fill color and background color.

`gulp svgsprite` put individual SVG into a `symbol` element and concatenate them into a single SVG file.

`gulp svgpng` produces minified svg and corresponding png files.
